README.md, before:

# Pyunitelway

Pyunitelway is a Python library to use the UNI-TELWAY protocol to talk to Schneider PLCs (Programmable Logic Controller).

This library allows to:

* Read a bit in ``%S`` and ``%M``
* Read a word in ``%SW``, ``%KW`` and ``%MW``
* Read a double word in ``%KD`` and ``%MD``
* Read multiple bits in ``%S`` and ``%M``
* Read multiple words in ``%SW``, ``%KW``, and ``%MW``
* Read multiple double words in ``%KD`` and ``%MD``
* Write a bit in ``%S`` and ``%M``
* Write a word in ``%SW`` and ``%MW``
* Write a double word in ``%MD``
* Write multiple words in ``%SW`` and ``%MW``
* Write multiple double words in ``%MD``
* Read and write I/O channels (**couldn't test**)

## How to use ?

This library is designed to use a TCP-RS485 adapter. The adapter is connected to the PC or server which uses this lib via Ethernet or Wi-fi or anything else, and is connected to the PLC via RS-485 on the TER plug.

This library was developed using the USR-TCP232-306 adapter. It was not tested with another kind of connection.

![Setup explanation](docs/source/pyunitelway_setup_schema.png)

*Test setup*

Commit message:

Add lib installation in README

README.md, after:

# Pyunitelway

Pyunitelway is a Python library to use the UNI-TELWAY protocol to talk to Schneider PLCs (Programmable Logic Controller).

This library allows to:

* Read a bit in ``%S`` and ``%M``
* Read a word in ``%SW``, ``%KW`` and ``%MW``
* Read a double word in ``%KD`` and ``%MD``
* Read multiple bits in ``%S`` and ``%M``
* Read multiple words in ``%SW``, ``%KW``, and ``%MW``
* Read multiple double words in ``%KD`` and ``%MD``
* Write a bit in ``%S`` and ``%M``
* Write a word in ``%SW`` and ``%MW``
* Write a double word in ``%MD``
* Write multiple words in ``%SW`` and ``%MW``
* Write multiple double words in ``%MD``
* Read and write I/O channels (**couldn't test**)

## Installation

Clone the repository, then install using `setup.py`:
```bash
python3 setup.py install --user # to install for the user only
```

## How to use ?

This library is designed to use a TCP-RS485 adapter. The adapter is connected to the PC or server which uses this lib via Ethernet or Wi-fi or anything else, and is connected to the PLC via RS-485 on the TER plug.

This library was developed using the USR-TCP232-306 adapter. It was not tested with another kind of connection.

![Setup explanation](docs/source/pyunitelway_setup_schema.png)

*Test setup*
